Hello welcome to our channel today.
We'll make suggestions
posted on youtube
little maria mole
the ingredients that we are going to use to
Our recipe is a box with 50
grams of powder for soft maria that we
Let's settle on 8 tablespoons of
boiling water
we'll heat this water has to
be a hot gelatin watch
colorless and tasteless than 12 grams one
carton of condensed milk the same measure
in china zhang full of milk itself
a box of cream and 100
grams of cocaine side
here we using dehydrated dry body
that gets better
but if you do not have this grated coconut
and can use that man of the
even to make the syrup of our
little dot
We'll use six spoons of sugar and
3 tablespoons of water
these are the ingredients that we are going to
use for our today's recipe
first we will hydrate the
ingredients you need
we will put the 5 tablespoons in the
gelatin and column and no flavor
now we're leaving here with five
minutes is now we throw in the water
boiling powder for soft maria
It is very important to hydrate these
two colorless gelatin ingredients which
the powder for soft maria for the alloy a
our revenue
We have to mix well even there.
well- dissolved gelatin without color and without
taste we left her here for some
minutes in five tablespoons of
cold water
now we're going to dissolve it it can be in the
microwave if you have or as
We 're going to make the stove even in a
panela we'll put this gelatin
but let's put the time here in the pan
sufficient to dissolve the
can not let it boil not that if she
only reveal its properties to your
function in revenue that is from the league is in
low fire
Aida broke erase the lining we
pour blender or regular milk and
gelatin we hear now in the liner
we give a light beat
now we're going to put the body here
for the soft maria
we see a light beat a hint of that
recipe that milk has to be in the
room temperature can not be
ice cream and even if it's now we go
mix the remaining ingredients
the condensed milk the cream and the
grated coconut
now we're going to hit with five minutes
to be a very fine mixture and
homogeneous
in a pot on low heat we go
put the sugar
We're going to make the caramel sauce here.
People I think it's in there we
we're messing around so we do not burn
get burned
the bitter tail but everything is gone
solved now we put water from the
sea down
we continue to stir until it rains
subject matter
We can not stop stirring or burning.
It's very important this tip is to do
this cause always on the low fire is there
people are in this consistency that
we can make very thick markings not
why do you want it to cool down
she gets very hard we put out the fire
now we put the cause that way
that we do so by spreading it well
as if he had a tango in the form with
careful that cause is hot
now we dump the cream that we
we hit the blender
now we cover with plastic and let's
to refrigerate for 12 hours
we do not like to take in the freezer
We do not take in the refrigerator have passed
12 hours that our foreign revenue has already
on the tile
we passed the spatula like that
informed
Look how nice, people, if they win a little
calm in the background is a partner and
lead to fire
Ahmed looks how beautiful she got in that
now we 're going to spice up our plate
Look how beautiful our recipe was.
people
Now we're going to go see you.
how did it go
of this recipe and leave it at
refrigerator for 12 hours and put
Also gelatin and he put
very consistent because the pudding
If you do not put it like this to stay
consistently looks like a gelatin
of milk a fan is very tasty even
is a very easy recipe for doing this
beat the ingredients in the blender
and take to freeze
some call this pudding recipe
lazy because it does not go to the oven
So this is our recipe today is the
day of maria mole a very recipe
delicious very easy to make
you for the love and the great number
of views we are receiving
I urge you to go to YouTube and
our site january channel and dot com.
kiss for you to write it and jewelery
in the afternoon before a big hug and with
God and until the next video